docs(secret-manager): add secret protection concept (#2603)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts.mdx

## Secret Manager

> Secret Manager is a solution that provides a centralized location where your secrets can be stored and accessed. Its primary purpose is to securely store secrets, thus eliminating the need for developers to hardcode sensitive information in applications or configuration files.

Reviewer: Are you sure about this? According to the internet it is written as two words https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/hard_code

> Secret Manager is a solution that provides a centralized location where your secrets can be stored and accessed. Its primary purpose is to securely store secrets, thus eliminating the need for developers to hardcode sensitive information in applications or configuration files.

Author: ```suggestion
Secret Manager is a solution that provides a centralized location where your secrets can be stored and accessed. Its primary purpose is to securely store secrets, thus eliminating the need for developers to hard code sensitive information in applications or configuration files.
```

<Concept>

## Secret protection

> Secret protection is a feature that allows users with the `SecretManagerFullAccess`, `SecretManagerSecretWrite`, and `AllProductsFullAccess` [permission sets](/identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/permission-sets/), to enable it on your secrets, so that even though they can be read and modified, they **cannot be deleted**.

Reviewer 2: Maybe start with the feature description, then premission sets? "Secret protection is a feature that prevents your secrets from being deleted. users with the blablabla permission sets can enable it...."

Reviewer 3: I plussoie Samy.

> Secret protection is a feature that allows users with the `SecretManagerFullAccess`, `SecretManagerSecretWrite`, and `AllProductsFullAccess` [permission sets](/identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/permission-sets/), to enable it on your secrets, so that even though they can be read and modified, they **cannot be deleted**.

Author: ```suggestion
Secret protection is a feature that prevents the deletion of your secrets.  Users holding the `SecretManagerFullAccess`, `SecretManagerSecretWrite`, and `AllProductsFullAccess` [permission sets](/identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/permission-sets/) can enable it, ensuring that although your secrets can be accessed and modified, they remain **impossible to delete**.
```
